Update intro_community.qmd (#88)
ropensci-org/contributing-guidance: intro_community.qmd

attend or present in our Community Calls, write a post for our blog, 
participated in an rOpenSci unconf, or in our research domain focused communities like rOpenSci-Antarctic and Southern Ocean Research, 
answer questions in our fora, actively participate in the life of an rOpenSci project reporting problems and recommending or implementing solutions, 

> contribute to, or maintain a package, being champions, mentor or trainer for our Champions Program, localize our material, or participate in rOpenSci peer review as a reviewer, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contribute to, or maintain a package, are Champions, mentors or trainers in our Champions Program, localize our material, or participate in rOpenSci peer review as a reviewer, 
```

author or editor.

Having a diverse community is important to us. 
We welcome anyone dedicated to making their science more open and supporting others in that pursuit, 
no matter their technical expertise, career stage, or work sector.
Further, we welcome people of all backgrounds, including but not limited to any sexuality, 
gender identity, and race. We are anti-racist. 

> We recognize that communities are not inclusive by default, particularly as they grow: they require deliberate attention. We are carrying out a Champions Program and a Localization project to ensure our research software serves everyone in our communities. 

Reviewer: More than one localization projects? Because more than one language? Or does it depend?

```suggestion
We recognize that communities are not inclusive by default, particularly as they grow: they require deliberate attention. We are carrying out a Champions Program and Localization projects to ensure our research software serves everyone in our communities. 
```

Author: "Projects" is correct; now, we manage one project per language.

attend or present in our Community Calls, write a post for our blog, 
participated in an rOpenSci unconf, or in our research domain focused communities like rOpenSci-Antarctic and Southern Ocean Research, 
answer questions in our fora, actively participate in the life of an rOpenSci project reporting problems and recommending or implementing solutions, 

> contribute to, or maintain a package, being champions, menor or trainer for our Champions Program, localize our material, or participate in rOpenSci peer review as a reviewer, 

Author: ```suggestion
contribute to, or maintain a package, being champions, mentor or trainer for our Champions Program, localize our material, or participate in rOpenSci peer review as a reviewer, 
```

[Julia Silge](https://ropensci.org/blog/2018/06/08/rprofile-julia-silge/), and 
[David Smith](https://ropensci.org/blog/2017/10/13/rprofile-david-smith/).

You can also have a look at some of the teams and people behind the development of software and packages many of us use and which are available through the R-Universe by reading the [The Stars of the R-Universe series of post](https://ropensci.org/tags/r-universe-stars/).

> Over [150 people have reviewed](https://devguide.ropensci.org/softwarereviewintro.html#editors-and-reviewers) 135 packages from **803 authors!**

Reviewer: Yes, hmmm, the annual reporting workflow has the number of reviewed, but not the number of reviewers or authors. I can create a workflow to get those numbers, and will see about integrating it here.

> More than 90 people have presented in our Community Calls attended by more than 900 people in more than 50 countries. 

Reviewer: 🎉
